This program also uses the "angl.dat" file from program 3; it is a reimagining of program 4.

For this exercise we will be writing a program that creates a child process as to be expected the parent and the child perform different tasks. 

Here is the parent's behavior:
signals to handle:
SIGCHLD -- the parent should use wait or waitpid to clean up after the children that have just terminated. If no children remain, the parent should print a message indicating this and terminate.
SIGINT -- the parent should handle SIGINT print the message "Exit: Are you sure (Y/n)?" and handle accordingly. Exits the parent if the user enters 'Y', otherwise don't.
SIGUSR1 -- the parent should print the message "Warning! roll outside of bounds" and then return to its pause state.
SIGUSR2 -- the parent should print the message "Warning! pitch outside of bound" and then return to its pause state.
behavior in function main:
the program should setup all signal handlers, spawn the child, and enter a pause loop; feel free to print messages along the way indicating everything you are doing.

You might want to set up an exit handler that sends a SIGTERM to any children that are still running; by default, the SIGINT generated by ctrl-c is sent to the parent and its children.

Here is the child's behavior:
signals to handle:

SIGINT --  place this signal in your child's signal mask, if you don't block SIGINT ctrl-c will kill both the parent and the child.
SIGTERM -- informs the child that its parent has died and needs to terminate itself

none or SIGALRM (depends on the method you chose below)
behavior in function main:
the child should have roughly the same behavior as programs 4 and 5; it should open "angl.dat", read 1 triple every second, and determine if pitch and roll outside of bounds.

unlinke programs 4 and 5, the child doesn't print an error message, instead it will send one or more signals to the parent. 

the child should send SIGUSR1 if the roll value is outside of the -20.0 to 20.0 range

the child should send SIGUSR2 if the pitch value is outside of the -20.0 to 20.0 range
